Linking to the Kibana troubleshooting page (#7619)
elastic/docs-content: troubleshoot/ingest/opentelemetry/edot-sdks/android/index.md

If you have an Elastic support contract, create a ticket in the [Elastic Support portal](https://support.elastic.co/customers/s/login/). If you don't, post in the [APM discuss forum](https://discuss.elastic.co/c/apm) or [open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/elastic/apm-agent-android/issues).

> ## Kibana visualizations

Reviewer: Shouldn’t this section be below General troubleshooting?

Author: Makes sense, I just updated it. Thanks!

> If you're troubleshooting the Kibana visualizations for the Android SDK, refer to [Troubleshooting Android dashboards](https://www.elastic.co/docs/reference/integrations/otel_android_dashboards#troubleshooting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're troubleshooting the Kibana visualizations for the Android SDK, refer to [Troubleshooting Android dashboards](integration-docs://reference/otel_android_dashboards.md#troubleshooting).
```
